Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? Pull up the License I just edited.

Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. I entered purple as my favorite color and a line populated the screen showing this projects file location

What do you think the program did with what you typed? I think it saved my answer in the file



Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py. There is a Color= line now

What do you think the color = input() will do? Allow me to type in different colors 

Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected? NOT EVEN CLOSE



Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. There are three extra lines with one claiming red is the correct answer to the previous question

What is happening on lines 11–14? The code is telling you if you type red you will be correct but if input any other color choice you be told to try again

Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? I think it is a way to display results. If you want a certain answer you would need to indent before inputing your choice, so it sort of acts like an answer to your input

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red? Sorry, try again populates the line 

What does this tell you about "color"? The first letter must be capitalized in order to properly answer the prompt



Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. It now gives the proper answers to the prompt and shows if you type "Red" you will be correct but if you type "red" you will be asked to try again

What problem is this trying to solve? I think it's trying to tell me user input needs to be exact to ensure the desired results 

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)? Sorry, try again populates the line once again



Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? Now if you type red in all lower case it will populate as being correct

What problem is it trying to solve? This looks to solve the problem of the previous lines where although "red" technically is correct, a lower case "r" would be incorrect 

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)? Sorry, try again strikes once again. I think this is because the previous lines of code didn't account for a space before the answer



Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? There is now a ".strip()" in line 11  

What would you guess .strip() is doing? My guess would be that it is stripping something from line 11 such as the spaces  

Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic? I put a space and typed red! and that came back as sorry try again, so punctuation seems to ruin the intended result



Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? There are now two answers to the promt, red and pink  

What is the purpose of line 11? To show the two choices can be in lower case with spaces before and/or after 

Run the program and answer the question. 



Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11? I think it's either showing the desired answer again or it's the first line that populates in the terminal 

Why are lines 12–19 indented? These are indented because these are the possible answers to the prompt 

Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? I think it would ruin the current code and no answer would be correct. (After I switched lines it came back with a SyntaxError)  

Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c. 



Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12? I think it is setting up the string of possible answers  

What is the purpose of “count”? To show how many times it took the user to answer the question correctly 

What is happening on line 22? This will display your amount of attempts before answering correctly. It also isn't indented and it is linked to line 12

Run the program.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit? Yes, I filled it out to the best of my ability with my very limited knowledge